What? He's the chairperson?
That's not possible.
How could he, a bumpkin, be the chairperson?
If the chairperson
That cost nine billion to buy a new one
He is the one in the same flower as the moon
I heard he was a super big shot
That's not possible.
I must be dreaming
You stinky woman
I've been hurt by you
All because of you
I've been fired from Xinyue Call, I'm telling you
I'm not done with you
Be careful what you say
From now on we break up
You're not my boyfriend anymore
Hmph, just wait to be fired by Hope Fairy Tale
Ye Feng, wait for me Ye Feng
Ye Feng
I think after get off work
I'll treat you to dinner alone
Haven't seen you in so many years
I miss you so much
Didn't you date your boyfriend after get off work? No
That loser has become an ex
I'm single now.
Fine. I'm not interested in you being single or not.
I know you have a crush on me
I'm not taking the initiative to be single again.
Give you a chance.
You can chase me now.
Excuse me.
I have something else to do
I don't have time to listen to what you have to say
Ye Fang, you can't go
You used to like me
Why don't you admit it?
Why can't you admit it?
Are you
Misunderstood me
Or have you changed your mind?
You must make it clear to me today